with goals from boys
navamuel human team of the cutest that there is the support of one is important if
puts it at the service of the team
of hill cute girl that we work closely
there are tariffs fajardo
the arts district place so far
and they decided not to be on the side, but rich boxes where you can not miss a lot of berraco
reading a lot
tamayo a nice thing once also worked well
It fills me with half life in energy, it fills me with desire
it fills me with enthusiasm
It fills me with love with my directors we fill in for the first love tavern
by society for the people who are going to see us
essentially commits me to be improved
to bring the aesa to those people outside so I do yoga and even make them
happy mariano mariano mariano magaz for my decent work
is to take responsibility for what I do
is to deliver the maximum in what I do
3 put love to him compassion
to amy homework
10 frei that being responsible must be passionate must be with this
and you have to give the maximum
besides all the heart to what I do
I also work with passion, rational passion
but I'm very passionate about this
to this I put all the love
3 excellent the kunas from minute to minute second to second is your way of
behave me his way of garcía what makes
that by sea towards others that creates a pleasant work environment
that way of transmitting joy when being and anticipates that the joy the
maximum that makes people but surrounded by colleagues what is done
and that decent work is excellent
adelaida careaga paralyzed
all those important positions
do not feel that it is not important
values ​​hand what he's doing
I valued where it is
and be sure as a gieco and sad lion of a privileged emanuele sella
being here is a privilege that made him arrive last week is a
privilege in his early life of saints fernandez we have many women
pregnant favre was injured
but respect for others
He works as a team and knows that one's work is simply a payment one
chain to achieve a goal
in my work is the most important thing
knows what the important in the other
but that we all have a side with the poor are key to what we do in
the scaffolding of a collective
t that the oep that one more what makes the best one the supposed one has to do it
for the collective service of a set
that being procuro does not know clear shots
and that has to be above three individual
ace
2 all
cross in 2012 of a friendship for giving
the back in this canton puerto lopez
share concepts
within ddd of soccer
it's because sometimes you see I chose a lot
He too
the one who thinks one because not only is what
sometimes yes
it says but it has also echoed the mission a process of atrocious is
important also for a people things
in this point
acz
those who suffer for their humanitarian work and serious
because they are in the purgatory apple and cinnamon in the contest in which he
those who were very wrong
about the sector
those who this the ones that wake up with love and joy kindly valencia
this is not casual what is not happening
this see what
that also morel community and that among the community each one has
rights and duties to fulfill
iker is only one of the rights of others has to stop above those of
others
according to the phrase that calls them workmen there are people who believe
miracles do not exist
and there are others who believe that everything is a miracle